gh-91421: Use constant value check during runtime (#91422)
python/cpython: Misc/NEWS.d/next/Core and Builtins/2022-04-10-22-57-27.gh-issue-91421.dHhv6U.rst

> Use constant value check during runtime in _Py_DecodeUTF8Ex.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Fix a potential integer overflow in _Py_DecodeUTF8Ex.
```

Author: Adjusted.
